[light music playing]
[beeps]
[light music continues playing]
[door beeps]
[Gyeong-hui sighs]
[grunts]
Why are all the lights off?
Jeong-hun?
Sang-hun?
[Jin-pyeong sighs]
[door closes]
[screaming]
Jeong-hun! Jeong-hun!
-Jeong-hun!
-What's he saying?
Jeong-hun!
Jeong-hun, what is it?
[screaming]
Jeong-hun.
Jeong-hun!
-Sang-hun!
-Jeong-hun! Kim Jeong-hun!
Snap out of it!
[grunts]
Sang-hun.
Sang-hun!
Sang-hun?
[gasps]
Honey.
Something's wrong with Sang-hun.
-Sang-hun.
-Sang-hun!
Sang-hun!
[screaming]
Sang-hun.
Sang-hun!
Sang-hun, wake up!
[Jeong-hun] You'll die! Stop it! Stop!
You'll die! Stop it!
You'll die!
Stop it! Stop it! You'll die! You'll die!
Stop it! Stop it!
CASE 3
THIS IS PENGSOO
ATTORNEY WOO YOUNG-WOO
[man] Hey.
Ooh. Your nameplate arrived.
"Attorney Woo Young-woo."
[chuckles]
-Happy?
-Mm-hmm.
Should I take a picture of you
to remember?
Mm. Here.
[quirky music playing]
What is that? Why are you so stern?
Try smiling.
Uh, let's go back to that serious look.
Mm-hmm.
[phone buzzing]
ATTORNEY JUNG MYEONG-SEOK
Good morning.
[Atty. Jung] Ms. Woo, please come
to my office right away.
Okay.
-We'll get a picture later?
-Mm. "We'll get a picture later."
[knocking on door]
Yes, come in.
Huh. Attorney Woo.
There are case files over there.
Take a look.
The Sangjeong Pharmaceutical Corporation.
Are you familiar with them?
Yes.
EVIDENCE RECORD
The Chairman's an important client,
and he's, uh,
managing a pretty hard situation.
[Atty. Jung] He has two sons.
The younger son stands accused
of beating the other to death.
And the Chairman
and his wife witnessed it themselves.
[sighs]
Internal hemorrhaging.
His ribs were broken in 22 places
which caused the bleeding in his thorax,
responsible for his death.
The coroner also noted
a faint marking on his neck,
uh, though, I don't think
that it's our greatest concern.
And all bodily injury has been attributed
to the other son?
Mm. Well, the prosecutor's
taking that stance.
The broken bones, front side, uh,
it's possible those are due to the CPR,
but the 11 others?
Well, they have no clear explanation
other than assault.
The blood-alcohol level of the victim
at the time of his death
indicates intoxication.
I keep wondering if this mess
would've gone differently…
once he had sobered up.
It's unfortunate.
Is the one charged with death
resulting from bodily injury
the younger son, Kim Jeong-hun?
Mm.
I'm the primary attorney on this case,
and I want to bring you on as my support.
The younger brother has autism.
Uh, there should be a psychiatric report
on the next file.
SEOIN UNIVERSITY HOSPITAL
AUTISM SPECTRUM DISORDER
ALSO REFERRED TO AS ASD
THIS DISORDER IS A COMPLEX
DEVELOPMENTAL DISORDER
Are you assigning me this case
because I am autistic?
When it comes
to the unique mind of this boy,
you have a lot more understanding
than I do.
And it might make the Chairman feel
much more taken care of.
The term for autism is officially
Autism Spectrum Disorder.
Spectrum indicates a huge variety
of people who are labeled with it.
Like…
whale families.
Even though they're all whales,
blue whales and white whales
have completely different ecosystems
and social structures
than humpback whales do.
-What's more is that humpback whale--
-Okay, enough about the whales.
What's the point you're making?
Oh.
The information in this report
places the defendant
on the severe side of the spectrum
assigning them a mental age
between six and ten.
And I've never met any person
like him before.
I have also not met him before.
You're better than me, who didn't even
know the name of the spectrum
or any other details like that.
Let's meet with them.
There's no reason
to be apprehensive just yet.
Yes, hello.
Uh, I'm Jung Myeong-seok,
I'll be your main attorney.
Uh, along with…
I'm Attorney Woo Young-woo.
Uh…
Whether it's read straight or flipped,
it's Woo Young-woo.
Kayak, deed, rotator,
noon, racecar, Woo Young-woo.
Yes, uh…
You see, my colleague
has autism spectrum disorder.
Similar to your son Jeong-hun.
[somber music]
Uh, I see that the statement
your son made that night
consists only of the words "you'll die"
and "stop" repeated over and over.
Everytime we've asked him about it,
asked him about the details of that night,
he just keeps saying,
"Stop" and "You're dead."
Uh, what was the brothers'
relationship like?
It was good.
Jeong-hun was especially fond
of his older brother.
And before Sang-hun got so busy
with medical school,
he always liked
to hang out with Jeong-hun.
Sang-hun,
I know that I'm partial,
but my son was perfect.
He got into the best med school in Seoul
with a perfect CSAT score,
but he was humble too and considerate.
He always treated his brother so well.
Does Jeong-hun typically makes statement
such as "Stop" and "You're dead"?
Never.
It's the first time I've ever heard him
say something like that.
Strangers look and they only see his size,
but there's a sweet kid behind that.
Sometimes,
he misbehaves
and can be stubborn, you know?
If we're talking about violent behavior,
that's just not him.
Uh, so, um, there isn't
any particular explanation
for your younger son's explosive
burst of violence at all?
That's right.
[sobs]
It's starting to feel like
I don't even know my own children.
Uh, do you think that we'd be able
to meet with Jeong-hun?
Meeting with him isn't
the real issue here.
Talking to him,
that's the part that's difficult.
[Gyeong-hui] He usually goes silent
when he meets new people.
They probably should meet him, though,
since he'll be the one on trial.
There's always the possibility that
in front of my colleague,
perhaps he'll want to talk.
[man sighs]
This elevator is so slow.
We're gonna miss our whole lunch break.
Seriously.
-What's on the menu?
-Stir-fried pork.
[elevator dings]
[man] Oh, let's go. Let's go.
Enjoy your lunch.
[soft music playing]
If you don't mind,
can we wait for a second?
-Jun-ho, but why?
-Sorry.
Ah.
[sighs]
I'm so hungry.
Oh, I think I'm starving to death.
Oh.
[chuckles]
Mm.
Oh, my stomach.
[Young-woo sighs]
Lunch, here we come.
If I knew you brought lunch from home,
I would've gotten down here earlier.
Next time, just wait a little.
How much "later" in terms of exact minutes
might you mean by that?
Hmm, ten minutes should do.
Okay.
While we go to work on the 17th floor
and eat lunch on the bottom level,
whales feed themselves
in the coastal waters of Ulsan,
and sleep in Japan's west coast.
For whales, the coast of Ulsan's
their dining room,
and the west coast of Japan's
their bedroom.
Some whales are migratory,
and they move to polar regions
every summer, those feed intermittently.
They only eat in summer time
during the months
they'd go to the polar regions,
-and starve for the rest of the year.
-[sighs]
She's doing it again.
Should I go save him?
[Young-woo] Some people only eat
within an eight-hour window every day.
I'd leave her alone. He seems fine.
What?
The look on his face
doesn't seem particularly annoyed.
Oh.
[rhythmic thudding]
[suspenseful music]
[Gyeong-hui]
You promised to be good, okay?
[suspenseful music continues]
-Hello.
-Hi, welcome.
Kim Jeong-hun, come in.
[tense music]
Uh…
Pengsoo!
Jeong-hun, I see you like Pengsoo.
Uh, have a seat.
Jeong-hun, come and sit.
"Jeong-hun, come and sit."
[door closes]
Take your glasses and your headphones off.
"Take headphone, glasses off."
Jeong-hun.
You said you'd listen.
"Jeong-hun. You said you'd listen."
Uh, don't worry about it.
The sunglasses look pretty cool.
[sighs]
As long as it doesn't bother you.
[Gyeong-hui]
I think we'll have to proceed like this.
[Atty. Jung] Uh, hi, there. Jeong-hun.
My name is Jung Myeong-seok, and this is…
My name is Woo Young-woo.
Okay. Now, Woo Young-woo and I,
we have so many, so many things
to ask you--
[trills tongue]
Can you understand any of this?
Hmm, no.
[trilling tongue continues]
Hey, Jeong-hun.
Uh, what are you doing?
[both trilling tongue]
Kim Jeong-hun, stop it.
Why don't you try asking him something?
Kim Jeong-hun, what memories do you have
about the day Kim Sang-hun died?
[eerie music]
What made you want to injure your brother?
Easy. Easy.
[eerie music continues]
-[garbling]
-[gasps]
[garbling]
Kim Jeong-hun, stop it.
-[screaming]
-[Gyeong-hui] Kim Jeong-hun.
-[Atty. Jung] Whoa!
-[Gyeong-hui] Jeong-hun.
Hey. Jeong-hun.
-It's okay. You can stop, Jeong-hun.
-Jeong-hun.
[whimpering]
-[screaming]
-Stop.
[Atty. Jung] Jeong-hun!
-[whimpering continues]
-[Gyeong-hui] Kim Jeong-hun.
Kim Jeong-hun.
-[whines]
-[Gyeong-hui] Stop it.
Whoa, Madame Attorney comes home at last.
Father, I have a question to ask.
No problem. Ask away.
There's an autistic man
I must communicate with.
It's difficult for me.
How should I proceed?
So, what is this all about, huh?
I'm unable
because of attorney-client privilege
to share the information.
I wanted to ask you because you might know
since you live with someone autistic.
Then be so kind
and help your father trim this
as I help answer your question, okay?
No, I don't want to.
Living with a person who's autistic
is rather…
What?
It can be very lonely.
In my case, it's…
It's always been you and me
against the world.
And you don't have much interest in me
as your father.
It's better now,
but worse when you were young.
[mellow music]
Gosh, why are you talking
about going on dates
when you know I have Young-woo?
What's the matter with you, Mom?
You can't raise her on your own.
With your back pain,
you can barely get to the bathroom.
[sighs]
Oh, just…
Come on!
Don't you know?
Every single day seems impossible
to get through.
And you always make me feel
so much worse than I did. God.
[sighs]
[screams]
Hey, Young-woo.
[groans]
Young-woo. Daddy's in so much pain.
Cool it off.
Can you blow on it, Young-woo?
[groaning]
See, I'm crying, huh?
Daddy's crying. Oh.
[sobs]
[mellow music continues]
Is that fun for you, Young-woo?
What are you planning to become?
Someone who makes LEGO arrangements
on the floor?
[Gwang-ho sniffles]
[Gwang-ho] Hmm, how do I put it?
It's like the feeling
of a father and daughter
walking through the world
hand in hand, is missing.
As long as someone kept you fed,
you didn't seem to care
who that person was.
Your dad was as good as anyone else.
Do you still feel that way?
No, I feel quite different now.
Now we discuss things.
Yes, you did take joy
in making your LEGO arrangements,
not as much as law.
It was a relief.
Now we had…
something we could do together.
Young-woo!
[Young-woo crying]
[screaming]
Here, take this.
If you don't stop crying,
I'll call the police.
And you'll get
a real punishment, you hear?
[Gwang-ho] Young-woo!
OBUK CORNER STORE
Jeez, that little thing
has such a loud voice.
My ears are ringing.
Young-woo, get up. Come on.
Ms. Woo Young-woo.
This action is a violation of the peace.
And if you don't stop immediately,
I'll summon the police
on the grounds of obstructing the business
of Obuk Corner Store.
Young-woo, get up.
Okay.
Let's go study.
The Punishment of Minor Offenses Act.
[Gwang-ho] The way you care about law,
you must discover what that is
for your client.
Find out what they enjoy.
"Find out what the client enjoys."
Hmm, it seems pretty obvious
for a personal insight, Father.
Hey.
If you want a better report card, study.
To be thinner, workout.
Want to communicate, make a real effort.
Every method is obvious.
Key is getting it to work.
Mm.
Now that I think about it,
living with you,
for your dear old dad…
It takes…
a really long time.
Conversation might not happen for a while.
[smacks lips]
Even with all the effort in the world.
Do we really have to do this?
Yes. Are you really sure
this is going to help things?
[Young-woo] Mm.
[footsteps thudding]
[knocking on door]
Hi. Welcome again.
Come on.
[tense music]
-Peng-hi!
Peng-hi!
-Oh.
-[Atty. Jung chuckles]
Take a seat.
Here.
Sit down.
[quirky music playing]
[trills tongue]
[trilling tongue continues]
[hip-hop music playing]
♪ To the sea I soar on the summer screen ♪
♪ It feels all new ♪
♪ I'm feeling good ♪
♪ With my wings, I'll fly
Swim over the sky ♪
♪ I'm a champion ♪
♪ I'll be number one ♪
G, I…
♪ South Pole Peng, Amazing Soo ♪
♪ It can't get more amazing than this ♪
♪ I'm a penguin, giant penguin
And I'm the captain of all penguins ♪
♪ March toward the Billboard ♪
♪ To the sea I soar on the summer screen ♪
♪ It feels all new ♪
♪ I'm feeling good ♪
♪ With my wings, I'll fly ♪
♪ Swim over the sky ♪
♪ I'm a champion ♪
♪ I'll be number one ♪
♪ Split it up in little part
To wrap it up, it's Pengsoo ♪
♪ Smile big with loving heart
'Cause he will always thank you ♪
♪ It's penguin's thang ♪
♪ What day is today? ♪
♪ There's no last place
'Cause it's a win anyways ♪
♪ Everybody in the house
See your smiling face ♪
♪ Now we're hanging with Captain Penguin ♪
♪ He's our happy leader
And the legend of the South Pole ♪
[all singing together]
-♪ G. I. A. N. T. P. E. N. G… ♪
-Come on.
♪ Yodel-oh-ee-dee, Yodel-oh-ee-dee ♪
-♪ Yodel-oh-ee-dee, Yodel-oh-ee-dee ♪
-[cheering]
♪ Yodel-oh-ee-dee, Yodel-oh-ee-dee ♪
[cheering]
Sing again! Sing again! Sing again!
-Should we? Should we?
-[Jeong-hun] Sing again!
No song.
We'll play the song again, but only
if Mr. Kim Jeong-hun speaks with us.
Sing again! Sing again! Sing again!
-Sing again!
-Answer my question first.
Why were you attacking your brother?
[screaming]
Attorney Woo, easy on him.
Kim Jeong-hun, just answer me.
What caused you to attack your brother?
[somber music]
You'll die! Stop! Stop it!
Stop! You'll die!
-Stop it!
-Jeong-hun.
-Jeong-hun. It's okay
-You'll die! Stop it! Stop!
-You'll die!
-[Atty. Jung] It's all right. Calm down.
[Jeong-hun] Stop! Stop! Stop it!
[dreamy music]
[squeaking]
Kim Jeong-hun.
Was your brother trying to kill himself?
What?
The word "die" could be something,
not just an observation.
Not something that his brother said,
but what he was threatening.
What are you saying, Attorney Woo?
Kim Sang-hun's blood alcohol level
was 0.321 percent.
[Young-woo] He was unconscious.
His autopsy report had a mention
of a faint mark on his neck.
The question is to whether
it's a rope mark due to strangulation
as unresolved, since it was so faint.
Um, in your son's past,
was there ever a suicide attempt?
Never.
Why would Sang-hun do such a thing?
Kim Jeong-hun!
Did Sang-hun try to kill himself?
Yes.
[gasps]
Uh, no.
That isn't like Sang-hun at all.
I understand, ma'am, but we all just
heard him say yes, did we not?
[sighs]
Jeong-hun.
Did your brother try to die?
Yes.
Jeong-hun, did Sang-hun try to live?
Then Sang-hun wasn't attempting to die?
Yes.
Trying to communicate
with Jeong-hun at his level,
it isn't an easy task for any of us.
I appreciate that an attempt was made.
But this was the last meeting
you'll have with Jeong-hun.
-Let's go.
-Yes.
[door closes]
You're trying to find evidence that
Kim Sang-hun attempted suicide, right?
Yes. I don't know how much evidence
will even be left.
I imagine the police examined
everything that's there.
Yes, so, everyone thought
that this case was open and shut.
So the police would have no reason
to go overboard looking for more evidence.
Something may have been left behind.
[Ga-yeong] Hey!
Oh.
Hello.
What are you doing here?
You live around here?
I'm just here for work.
Work? Ooh, what's going on?
-[drilling]
-[Young-woo grunts]
[drilling continues]
[whines]
-Obviously, you still do volunteer work.
-Volunteer work?
It's inspiring that you're so generous.
[drilling continues]
I'm not sure what you're talking about.
It's nothing like that.
I better go. We're running late.
-Okay.
-All right. It was nice running into you.
You are a winner.
[somber music]
Are you part of a volunteer?
Program for the disabled?
Uh…
We were classmates in school.
She was being extremely rude. I apologize.
Ah.
Well, I am an autistic person, so…
Mm. I suppose that counts as a disability.
I'm so sorry.
[drilling]
His room has remained behind closed doors
because it's hard to look in here.
Everything is just as he left it.
Though I'm not sure you'll find anything.
Mm. Okay.
Can we look around a bit by ourselves?
We'll let you know if we find something.
[Jun-ho] Hmm…
If I were to hang myself
somewhere in this room…
This is about where Kim Sang-hun
was found. In this area.
It was probably right here.
Kim Jeong-hun is tall, is that right?
Yeah, he looked like
he was just below two meters.
[quirky music playing]
Excuse me.
So his eye level would be about here?
Uh, uh-huh.
Then…
[Jun-ho] Kim Jeong-hun opened the door
and saw his brother hanging.
He tried to stop him at first, right?
He's tall, so he could've reached up
to untie the knot.
Then… then his brother
comes crashing down to the ground.
[Young-woo grunts]
Hang on a minute.
[light music]
I see something.
Do you see that?
[camera shutter clicks]
[upbeat music]
[Jun-ho] Oh.
I think I found it.
[gasps]
Ah.
[grunts]
This has marks all over
like it was roughly torn off.
Could this be the rope Kim Sang-hun used?
And right above us is the place
where it hung.
[Jeong-hun screaming]
We should compare this rope
with the mark on Sang-hun's neck
and see if it's similar.
[quirky music]
I might have just found his diary.
This is from last year.
[Atty. Jung] Uh, I sent the rope
to the National Forensic Service
to have a check against the mark
on your son's neck.
I'll let you know
as soon as the results come in.
Uh, also,
we examined your older son's diary.
And we've prepared selections
from the material for you.
We thought you needed to see it.
According to this diary,
there were similar incidents,
several times last year, as well.
Evidently, Kim Jeong-hun
saw those attempts too.
You said "incident."
Exactly what do you mean?
I'm talking about attempts
to commit suicide.
You're making me repeat something
I've already explained to you.
Our Sang-hun was not that kind of person.
[Sang-hun] The only thing
I've ever been good at is studying.
I'm not even sure what that is now.
Is memorizing until I throw up
really studying?
I continue to fail at this thing
I'm supposed to be so good at.
The truth is, I'm just a loser.
The exams never seem to stop,
and I continue to fail.
I can't see why a life like this
is better than death.
I could die.
If I choose to…
Isn't the whole point of keeping a diary…
to be able to write
all of your thoughts down?
The serious portion is right here.
[Sang-hun]
At this point, it's become a routine.
I don't care if my brother sees me.
[screaming]
Stop it! Stop!
[Sang-hun] He said he had trouble sleeping
ever since he saw me try to hang myself.
[Jeong-hun] You'll die!
[Sang-hun]
I wonder if he has nightmares.
He checks on me every night.
You'll die!
[Sang-hun] The idiot who doesn't even know
what dying is,
he shakes in fear about what will happen.
For some reason,
that is comforting to me.
Is this some form of punishment?
Did you bring us here to tell us…
that our son was miserable in life
until his miserable death?
Even on that night,
your younger son may have been trying
to stop his brother.
It would explain why his temper exploded
if his brother had repeatedly
tried to hang himself.
Tell me how that's relevant.
That this kid
who was a famously good student
often attempted suicide
because of pressure about his grades?
If this gets out,
what about our son's memory?
You expect us to shame him in death?
Isn't protecting your son who's alive
more important than protecting the honor
of someone dead?
[Young-woo]
He shouldn't be seen as the son
who beat his older brother
to death senselessly.
His temper was provoked
for a specific reason.
And since this was an isolated incident,
we'll make the case that Kim Jeong-hun
is unlikely to commit
any more violent acts.
Just be quiet!
What makes you so special?
You presume to call my sons
by their first names
and judge them like that?
You're autistic yourself!
What is wrong with you?
Forget it.
Let's just stop this.
[Jin-pyeong] I will give this case
to an attorney who won't insult my son.
The whole
of our professional relationship ends.
Sir.
One moment.
[door opens]
[Atty. Jung] Mr. Chairman!
[door closes]
[door beeps]
-What's up?
-Hi.
Should I add some extra noodles?
No, I'm fine.
[Min-woo] Don't eat any of mine!
[sighs]
ATTORNEY WOO YOUNG-WOO
[Jun-ho] Attorney Woo,
what my friend said the other day…
The mistake my friend made the other day
keeps bothering me.
And I want to give you a proper apology.
You wanna apologize?
What's that supposed to do?
[reporter] A young man accused
of murdering his older brother
has been brought in on charges today.
The 21-year-old man
who has autism spectrum disorder,
and his brother, were home alone
when the attack occurred.
An assault had left the victim
with 22 fractures in his rib cage.
The young victim
was taken to the hospital,
but, he soon passed away.
It's a tragic loss for those who knew
the brilliant student,
who was studying medicine
at Seoul National University,
and said to have achieved
a perfect score on a CSAT.
[soft music]
ISN'T THE MED SCHOOL STUDENT DYING WHILE
THE AUTISTIC GUY LIVING A NATIONAL LOSS?
I'M SURE HE'LL BE FOUND NOT GUILTY,
BY PLEADING INSANITY.
HE KNOWS EVERYTHING EVEN IF
HE HAS AUTISM. SEND HIM TO PRISON.
I HAVE AN AUTISTIC NEIGHBOR
AND IT'S ACTUALLY SCARY.
THIS IS WHY THEY SHOULD BE ISOLATED.
LET'S NOT GO EASY ON HIM
JUST BECAUSE HE'S AUTISTIC.
[elevator dings]
[beeps]
Whoa.
Peng-hi!
Ah.
[playful music]
Word is you got fired
after that performance.
Hey, does anybody tell you
how rude you are, Attorney Kwon?
Well, it's better than pretending
to be nice.
Attorney Jung.
[clears throat]
I heard what happened
with the Chairman of Sangjeong.
That must be hard for you.
Mm. Uh, I'm fine, but Attorney Woo
worked tirelessly, so it's too bad.
[Min-woo] I see.
Attorney Woo is a winner.
[grunts]
[quirky music playing]
[driver] Where do you think you're going?
-[trills tongue]
-Hey, where's my fare?
What's the matter?
[trilling tongue continues]
[trills tongue]
[Young-woo] What's going on?
[trilling tongue continues]
Is there a problem, sir?
There is. He jumped into my taxi
out of nowhere.
"Hanbada!" "Hanbada," he was saying,
so I brought him here,
And now, he won't pay.
I asked if he had money, "Yes."
"Yes," he said.
It's okay. I'll handle his fare.
-Okay.
-Thank you.
Sing again. Sing again.
[Jeong-hun] Sing again.
Sing again.
-Uh, okay.
-[trilling tongue]
I want you to call his mother
so she can come pick her son up.
And stay with him in the meantime,
will you?
Yes, okay!
Sing again. Sing again.
[trilling tongue]
[trilling tongue continues]
[groans]
Jeong-hun.
-Mom!
-Oh!
You almost gave me a heart attack.
[panting]
-[Gyeong-hui sighs]
-[Jeong-hun trills tongue]
Well…
Thank you, Attorney Woo.
I'm so sorry about all this.
Forgive the interruption.
It's no problem.
Uh, excuse me.
I've been doing some thinking and…
do we really have to discuss
what happened in court?
About the circumstances
of Sang-hun's death?
Jeong-hun can get his sentence
reduced anyway because of his autism.
So, maybe it would make sense
to plead insanity.
I was hoping your firm would…
You'd think about
taking up our case again.
I don't think anyone else
would treat Jeong-hun
with this sincerity
your firm has shown him.
Sang-hun…
If you don't bring all those details
up in court,
I believe I can convince my husband.
Oh.
Well…
I'll bring the proposal you made
to my superiors, Mrs. Kim.
Attorney Woo.
I must apologize for my husband.
And, well…
I know this is wrong to say,
but we both felt somewhat conflicted
on the morning we met you.
You and Jeong-hun both have autism,
yet you're so different
that we couldn't help but compare.
We hear about the brilliants
that occasionally goes along with autism,
but seeing it in real life,
made us feel strange.
There's a spectrum,
but most cases are like Jeong-hun.
For us to remain hopeful he would improve…
sometimes it just takes too long.
[Young-woo] Hans Asperger, the first
person to do research on autism,
thought there was an upside to it.
He said,
"Not everything that steps
out of line, and is thus 'abnormal',
must necessarily be 'inferior'."
That because of their divergent ways
of thinking and experiencing,
autistic people
can accomplish great things.
Hans Asperger was a Nazi collaborator.
His job was to separate the children
who were worthy of life
from those who were not.
To the Nazis, the people
deemed unworthy of being alive
were the physically disabled,
the terminally ill, and the mentally ill.
A category that includes autistic people.
Jeong-hun, say goodbye.
Say, "I apologize for my interruption,
Attorney Woo. Thank you."
Peng-bye.
Peng-bye!
[Young-woo]
Only 80 years ago, having autism
meant being unworthy of life.
Only 80 years ago, Kim Jeong-hun and I
were not have been considered
worthy of life.
Even now, hundreds of people
click the "like" button
of a comment that reads,
"It is a national loss
when a medical student dies
and an autistic person lives."
Peng-bye.
Peng-bye!
Let's go.
[Young-woo] That is the weight
those of us with this disability bear.
[mellow music]
WITNESS
My professional opinion is that
the accused suffered a meltdown.
Please, could you expound
on the definition of a meltdown?
It's a phenomenon that occurs sometimes
in people with autism.
It's a sudden fit when one
is no longer able to control themselves
due to stress that's been building up.
[witness] It isn't intentional behavior.
It just happens
when someone is overwhelmed
by the sensation of intense helplessness.
It can take many forms.
Some people would cut off
all communication and withdraw completely,
in others, it can manifest as aggression.
That means, screaming, crying,
and sometimes, even self-harm,
along with sudden violent behavior.
Does that mean you see the actions
of the defendant
on the night of the assault
as being consistent with meltdown behavior
beyond his control?
Are you saying it's a direct symptom
of his autism disorder?
Yes, that's my opinion.
That's all.
Witness, you're well-versed
on autism spectrum disorder,
is that right?
That's true, yes.
Right.
Then can you please state the number
of autistic patients at this proceeding?
What?
Uh, I asked because in my opinion,
there's one more individual to include.
Perhaps the attorney who spoke
just before me?
Objection!
Your Honor, the prosecutor is attempting
to insult my colleague
with an irrelevant
and discriminatory question.
Overruled.
What?
That's your verdict?
Although the prosecutor's method
was not very respectful to the attorney,
I don't see the question itself
as being irrelevant or discriminatory.
[judge] Counselor, take a seat.
Prosecutor, you may continue.
Okay.
I'm asking if the attorney
who questioned you
is herself an autistic patient?
Treatment is not required
just for presenting as autistic.
And I believe to say "autistic patient"
is quite inappropriate.
Even a person
doing something like that?
Excuse me, this has gone too far!
[prosecutor] What do you mean?
I'm asking if Attorney Woo Young-woo,
who is a member of the defense
is an autistic patient.
[witness] I'm aware that
Attorney Woo Young-woo
has autism spectrum disorder.
However, it's only
because I knew beforehand.
I did not diagnose her.
And I'm not some sort of appraiser.
I can't label somebody or give
any diagnosis just from seeing them.
Now, answer the question.
Does the opposing attorney
have autism or not?
[witness] She does.
-That isn't--
-Do you consider
the defendant to be mentally incompetent?
-[witness] Yes.
-Because he's an autistic person?
Yes.
Tell me then, do you consider the attorney
to be mentally incompetent as well?
Objection!
This trial isn't about the attorney,
so why does he keep mentioning her?
An individual's private medical history
is not appropriate to bring up at all.
It is appropriate.
It's relevant
because the defense is arguing
for a reduced punishment
due to the defendant's autism.
[prosecutor]
The autistic defendant isn't competent.
Can't the same be said for the attorney?
[Atty. Jung] Is the prosecution confused
about mental competency?
Having a disability, mental or physical,
does not equate to incompetence.
It is only when the disability
affects one's ability to discern
and make those hypothetical decisions
that would then consider them
to be incompetent.
So the penalty should be reduced
for the autistic defendant
in comparison to other criminals,
but the arguments
from the autistic attorney
should have equal weight in the court?
[prosecutor] Doesn't that seem odd to you?
The jury needs to understand
the irony of this argument.
[tense music]
Attorney Woo!
[light music]
Are you aware that your hand is resting
on my backside?
Uh…
Oh, that…
[Jun-ho grunts]
[gasps]
So that explains falling on my back.
[dreamy music]
[moans]
[gasping]
Your shoes…
Attorney Woo, your shoes.
[Atty. Jung] Yes?
[Young-woo grunts]
I was just about to hang myself
on the neck,
and that's when Jun-ho rescued me.
Uh, what?
First, Jun-ho brought up his left hand
to offer support against my butt,
and with his right, he ripped apart
the knot that was around my neck.
And do you know the next thing
that happened?
[Young-woo chuckles]
My whole body was set backwards,
on impact, I landed on my back.
What are you talking about?
According to the autopsy report,
your son… Uh…
I mean,
the victim's rib cage
was clearly broken in 22 places.
On his right frontal body,
the numbers three up to seven,
then on the left front body,
six fractures, numbers two to seven.
Also…
Oh, um, may I point
to your rib cage, please?
Okay. Um, sure.
Sure.
Over to his back,
11 on the right side, two to 12,
And his body has no additional breaks.
Isn't that bizarre?
Looking at both sides of his front body,
all of the fracturing
was likely caused by CPR.
The problem is, looking at his back,
the damage goes in a straight line,
from number two to number 12.
And this would mean that the defendant
had to hit the victim in a straight line,
Otherwise, he won't get
this kind of pattern.
However, if the defendant instead
tried to save the victim
by making use of Jun-ho's method,
then it is possible.
[Young-woo] And so, because the defendant
was holding onto the victim's butt,
the victim fell to the floor,
and landed on his back.
Wait a second.
Does that make a difference for my boy?
Yes, because the death
becomes an accident for Jeong-hun.
Of course,
he'll still be guilty of assault,
but when we address his much more
significant manslaughter plea,
there's simply no comparison.
But…
for us to argue a not guilty case now,
we're not able to hide
the fact that Sang-hun
attempted suicide.
This has to be your decision to make.
[sighs]
Truthfully, I've been…
thinking a lot about this.
When you're as old as me,
your children feel like
a report card on life.
I was so protective,
I didn't want to admit
that my oldest son was so unhappy.
What about Jeong-hun's life?
Shouldn't I give him the same honor?
You may proceed with what you just said.
Uh…
There's one thing I want to say also.
And it's something I plan to discuss
with Attorney Jung alone.
But since we're all here,
I'll just come out with it.
Okay. You both sit down.
Okay.
From now on,
we'll proceed in court
without Attorney Woo.
I know you make such an effort.
I am grateful.
[Jin-pyeong]
But you heard what the prosecutor said.
Considering that it is the best thing
going forward for Jeong-hun.
Uh, excuse me, sir, what about everything
Attorney Woo said just moments ago?
[Atty. Jung] We can take the trial
in a whole new direction.
We'll continue to emphasize
Jeong-hun's mental incompetence,
but while pleading that he is not guilty
because it's based on hard evidence.
I think that…
the Chairman makes a good point.
If Jun-ho walks in public with me,
people think he's volunteering his time
to help someone with a disability.
And then when the defendant
angered the taxi driver,
I had money to pay the fare.
[Young-woo] But the driver didn't see me
as capable of resolving the situation.
I can tell how my autism is different
than the defendant's,
and how they're similar as well.
However, the prosecutor can't,
so that means…
neither can people serving on the jury.
I'm…
just not an attorney
who is very helpful to the defendant.
[soft music]
I'm…
not an attorney
who is very helpful to…
the defendant.
Can't you convince the Chairman?
Of what?
That he should use Attorney Woo in court?
Yes. If she wasn't good at her job
or made a mistake,
it's discrimination
to pull her off this case
because her history makes it complicated.
It's a disability.
Didn't you once say…
[sighs]
"Did you not see
the second page of her resume?"
"Yeah, despite that,
you brought her onboard?
How can I train someone
who can't introduce themselves?" Huh?
You said all that.
[laughs]
And now,
you've had a change of heart, huh?
Well, then…
she didn't matter,
but we're part of the same team now.
[laughing]
Um…
[clears throat]
While I share your opinion that
what the Chairman did here wasn't fair…
Hmm, and discriminatory.
This is my company, though.
I have to do what the client wants.
So,
it probably would be best
if you don't go to court as well.
-What?
-She's your teammate now, right?
If you're teammates, then stick together.
Prove your case.
I can't put everything on the line
just for one rookie employee,
so you will.
Prove what it means to show solidarity.
Show them how a team works.
Yeah, nice plan.
[Seon-young] Mm.
I'll reassign the case to Attorney Jang.
So deliver the updated files to him.
How come the case has to go to him?
You deserve some kind of penalty.
The Chairman
will probably react negatively,
believing he upset you enough
for you to protest.
I understand.
[knocking on door]
Uh…
-Attorney Myeong-seok?
-[gasps]
What's shaking?
[sighs]
Did the boss speak to you?
Madame CEO called me, yes.
But what are you doing here?
I assume you'd know
because you spoke with her.
You assumed correctly
because she called and asked already.
So, what are you doing?
I'm waiting to hear the great Myeong-seok
ask me to do him a favor directly.
Do me a favor.
Huh? What was that? I couldn't hear you.
Maybe from the blood rushing to my head.
Say it louder.
Do me a favor.
Speak up a little, huh?
[laughs]
I can't hear you.
[whirring]
[laughing]
Oh.
Hmm?
Do me a favor.
What would you ever do without me?
How long must I keep cleaning up
your mess, Attorney Suck?
[laughing]
Leave the case file over there
on your way out, okay?
I'll fix it for you.
-Uh, I said leave it on my desk.
-[whirring]
Seriously.
Huh?
-Myeong-seok?
-[door closes]
Myeong-seok!
[scoffs]
[laughs]
Myeong-seok!
ATTORNEYS
[judge]
Counselor, you may begin questioning.
Thank you.
DEFENDANT
Miss, what is your occupation?
I'm a medical examiner.
I work for the National Forensic Service
where I perform autopsies.
What was the cause of death
in your expert opinion?
From internal bleeding in his chest
after many of his ribs have broken.
Can you explain
what caused his broken ribs?
The anterior fractures can probably
be attributed to CPR.
[examiner] When the paramedics arrived,
they found the victim
was no longer breathing,
and he had no pulse.
CPR was performed on the scene
and lightly caused the anterior fractures.
However, on the posterior side
of the rib cage,
there's a pattern of fractures
running in an orderly diagonal line.
Considering this, the damage
appears to be the result
of a single impact,
rather than a series
of recurring impacts over a span of time.
So you believe there was one single impact
rather than a series
of separate repeating blows?
That sounds complicated.
Would you be able to explain it simply?
As opposed to one fracture
followed by another one,
I believe his ribs were all broken
at the same time.
[examiner] This is because the fractures
are all in alignment.
Which is consistent with the damage
caused by a severe single impact.
A severe single impact?
Could you explain that to the court?
The victim seems to have fallen backwards
from the position
where he was hanging by the neck.
And the bruises on his neck
match the rope that was found in his room.
Additionally, the autopsy shows
that the victim
had a blood alcohol level of 0.3 percent.
Which is relevant because there
wouldn't be reflexive behavior
like using his hands to brace his fall.
Considering this, the posterior fracturing
was likely caused by the fall.
So, would it be possible
for the victim's ribs
to have been broken by the defendant
from a single blow?
Well, of course, it could be.
It is possible.
It's possible, but it's hard to picture.
Mainly because the defendant
was reported to be extremely agitated
at the time of the attack.
And in that state,
it would be enormously difficult
to damage the victim's ribs
in a manner that's consistent
with the pattern of breakage.
Thank you. That would be all.
Thank you, Your Honor.
How'd I do?
[judge] Just a moment.
I have something to ask the defendant.
Defendant?
Kim Jeong-hun?
Yes.
Moments ago, the witness
gave her testimony, right?
Kim Jeong-hun, did you drop
your older brother
to the floor that evening?
Yes.
Did he fall
because you were trying to save him?
Yes.
Defendant, then it's true
that he fell on his own?
Yes.
[judge] Answer me clearly.
Were you or were you not the one
who dropped your brother?
Yes.
Kim Jeong-hun, sir?
Were you trying to save
your brother or not? Please answer.
[somber music]
Yes!
[crowd murmuring]
I asked these questions to determine
the defendant's ability to understand
and to assess his state of mind,
and to see if he's able to testify
as to what happened that night.
And I think it's clear the defendant
is not capable mentally of answering
as of this moment.
[somber music continues]
The verdict is ultimately
going to be good for us.
But still.
I can't believe the prosecution
asked for seven years of prison
while claiming for the cost of treatment.
Don't worry too much about what he said.
The crucial thing
is that we presented well.
Also, the judge appeared
to be in a good mood.
At least they'll drop the charge
of manslaughter.
I'm sure probation is probably
all he'll get.
And if not, we can always appeal.
Don't worry too much.
Hmm, okay.
[Atty. Jang] No worries.
It was no trouble at all.
It was an honor for me to step in
and finish your case.
My pleasure.
You both put in so much work on this case.
I'm sorry.
To Attorney Woo, especially,
you must be so disappointed.
I'll be okay.
-Thank you for your efforts.
-Thank you, sir.
Uh, this is the one that's--
Good work, Seung-jun.
We should be going.
Come on, Miss Woo.
[Atty. Jang] Uh, you're welcome.
[soft music]
Excuse me?
[woman] Yes?
Could you wrap this for me?
It's a present.
-Sure.
-Appreciate it.
-Have a good night.
-Good night.
[soft music continues]
[sighs]
[machine whirring]
LETTER OF RESIGNATION
AFFILIATION: HANBADA LAW FIRM
I HEREBY SUBMIT MY RESIGNATION DUE TO
PERSONAL REASONS, SO PLEASE PROCESS IT
RESIGNING PARTY: WOO YOUNG-WOO
ATTORNEY WOO YOUNG-WOO
[soft music]
Ah, my uncle's tricked him
and they made him signed some papers.
[Young-woo] Some papers?
[Geu-ra-mi] To split
with my uncle some money,
he'll get us land compensation.
[Gwang-ho] Your father's supposed to get
a land compensation?
-Ten billion.
-That's amazing!
-[Geu-ra-mi] The father
of your only friend was duped into poverty
by his no-good brothers,
and you're gonna help us out, right?
-But I'm no longer an attorney.
-Huh? Why?
[Gwang-ho] I've been dying to know myself.
[Geu-ra-mi] Stop at Nakjo.
The sunset is awesome there.
-Huh?
-You got this.
[Jun-ho] I want to be on your team,
Attorney Woo.